Add Developer guide for further development. (#147)
sunpy/sunpy-soar: docs/dev_guide/index.rst

> .. _sunpy-soar-dev-guide-index:

Reviewer: I am not sure we need a whole dev guide subsection. 

Are we planning to add more than just how soar works underneath?

Author: I've thought of adding atleast 2 sections, how soar works, one about tables and columns(which shows what tables columns already exist and how can we add more tables and columns).

Reviewer: Sounds good.

.. _sunpy-soar-dev-guide-index:

***************
Developer Guide
***************

> This guide will walk you through about contributing towards sunpy-soar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will explain the internals of ``sunpy-soar`` and how it interacts with `sunpy.net.Fido`.
```
